Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Ginny. are you with me? Over.
Dear members of Lodsworth Sunday School.
thank you for your best wishes.
I am scribbling this in a tent
about 34 miles south of the Pole.
We may reach the Pole if we are lucky.
but at any time a wind could cause
the thin sea ice
on which we travel to break up. Stop.
For 11 years. Ginny. my wife. and I
have worked non-stop towards achieving
this circum-polar journey.
If we make it. I shall thank God
and realise that wonders never cease.
Do you remember any words from the past?
The words from that time are gone.
because it was 50 years ago.
Give me a minute. one minute.
Everything has gone from my brain
don't know where these words went.
I don't blame you. I don't blame you.
Ginny. are you with me? Over.
On Easter Sunday. we came finally
to the top of the world.
I felt a wonderful. almost
physical. sense of relief.
Five people have just walked in here
out of nowhere
with glasses of champagne.
OK. for Observer magazine.
brackets. as requested.
Summer 1982.
Floating south on an ice floe
in the Arctic Ocean.
Where are we exactly?
I don't know. though I am navigator.
- See you. Flo.
- See you. Ran.
- Did you add the gun?
- I've got the gun.
- He's not having it.
- OK.
Yeah. we beat the Norwegian
and the French bloke. over.